Q.1 What is React ?
ans- react is a javascript library for buildinng user interface . it is used to build single page applications & 
it allow us to create reusable UI components.

Q.2 who made react ?
ans- react was created by Jordan Walke , an engineer was working for facebook bcoz
facebook was badly in need of libary like react . As facebook got bigger,its code 
base also got massive.Thousand of engineers  were working on tons of features and those features were being added.
 As a result code maintenance become very difficult and the application features slowed things down fast.

 Q.3 what is Bable ?
 ans- Bable is a free and open-source javascript transcompiler that is mainly used to convert  JSX code into something which browser understands .
 for using bable set your script type [text/bable].

 Q.4 How does Babel convert html code in React into valid code ?
 ans- In React , developers write UI components using JSX , it is syntax extension for javascript that allows you to write HTML-like code within your javascript files.
 Babel can be configured with a plugin called @babel/preset-react. This plugin is responsible for converting JSX syntax into plain JavaScript. When you include this preset
 in your Babel configuration, it recognizes JSX code and transpiles it into JavaScript code when you run code using bable , it scans for JSX elements and convert them into 
 React.createElement() function calls and the transformed javascript code , which is no longer contains JSX syntax,can be executed by web browser 

 Q.5 What is ReactDOM used for & Write an example ?
 ans- ReactDOM is a library in react whhich is used for render React components into the DOM . it's responsible for taking your react components and efficiency updating the actual web page in the browser. 
 ReactDOM provides the bridge between your React applications and the browser
JS part
 ex-import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';

// Define a simple React component
function MyComponent() {
  return <h1>Hello World</h1>;
}

// Render the component into the DOM
ReactDOM.render(<MyComponent />, document.getElementById('main'));

HTML part-
<div id="main">
  <h1>Hello World</h1>
</div>

Q.6 What are the packages that you need to import for react to work with ?
ans- To work with React, you'll need to import several packages and dependencies.React is typically used with a build tool like Create React App (CRA) or Webpack,
 which manage these dependencies for you. Here are the core packages you need to import for a basic React application
1. react: This is the core React library.
2.react-dom: This package is used for rendering React components in the browser.
3.react-scripts (if using Create React App): This package includes scripts and 
configurations for building and running a React application.

Q.7 How do you add react to a web application ?
ans- You’ll need to have Node on your local development machine
step 1. To create a new app 
-->   npm init react-app my-app

step 2. Navigate to Your Project Directory:
-->    cd my-react-app
 
step 3. Start the Development Server
-->    npm start

This will launch your React application and open it in your default web browser. You can access it at http://localhost:3000.

Q.8 What is React.createElement?
ans- React.createElement is a fundamental function in React that is used to create and return a React element,
which is a lightweight representation of a DOM element or a user-defined component. This function is typically used when writing JSX is not possible or desired,
such as when dynamically generating React elements in JavaScript code or when working with React programmatically.

Q.9 What are the three properties that createElement accept?
ans- Type (or Element Type): This is the first argument and is required. It specifies the type of element or component you want to create. It can be one of the following:
. A string representing an HTML element type (e.g., 'div', 'span', 'h1').
. A reference to a user-defined React component (e.g., MyComponent where MyComponent is a React component you've defined).
. Another React.createElement call to create nested elements.

Props (Optional): This is the second argument and is an optional object that contains the properties (or props) you want to pass to the element or component being created.
Props are used to pass data and configuration to components

Children (Optional): Any additional arguments provided to React.createElement after the props object are considered the children of the element. 
Children can be other React elements or text content

Q.10 What is the meaning of render and root?
ans- Purpose of render() -->
React renders HTML to the web page by using a function called render().
The purpose of the function is to display the specified HTML code inside the specified HTML element.
In the render() method, we can read props and state and return our JSX code to the root component of our app.
In the render() method, we cannot change the state, and we cannot cause side effects( such as making an HTTP request to the webserver)

 Purpose of root -->
In the context of web development and React, a root typically refers to the HTML element where your React application is mounted or inserted.
It's the top-level element that serves as the entry point for your React application.

When you create a React application, you specify a root element in your HTML file where your React components will be rendered. 
This is usually done using a <div> element with a specific id attribute.